So the largest stone blocks ever cut the largest stone blocks ever moved the
largest stone blocks ever lifted as well as the largest solid stone columns
in the history of ancient human civilization are all located in the same exact
location, Eck Lebanon, and for some reason,
mainstream historians and archeologists give 100% of the credit to the
Romans.
Despite the fact that the Romans did not have the physical or technological
capability to move or lift these stones.
Let me start off by showing you the three massive stone blocks located at the
temple of Jupiter, also referred to as the tri Lathon or tri Lathon stones. The,
these three stone blocks are 70 feet long, 14 feet high,
and 10 feet wide,
and were somehow lifted more than 30 feet off the ground what's even crazier
is that they come from a quarry more than 800 meters or more than a half mile
away.
And they were somehow brought uphill to this site.
When you take a look at these three stone blocks, look at the layer below them.
These seven stone blocks are estimated to be 350 tons
a piece, just compare these stone blocks to other people. As you can see here,
standing next to them.
So you can get an idea for just how massive these blocks are. Again,
the largest blocks ever cut or moved or in the history of human
existence are all at this site. And you can see 'em right here,
but these aren't the only massive stone blocks at this site,
which is also referred to as the Heliopolis, by the way,
as you can see here between the temple of Bachus and the temple of Jupiter,
you have this row of massive blocks, more than 800 tons,
a piece estimated one of which is estimated to be between 900 and a
thousand times. And you can see it right here next to the staircase,
and just compare it again to people standing next to it.
So you can get a feel for just how incredibly large these blocks are.
Also take a look by the way, while I'm mentioning it,
the temple of Baus and the foundation stones that it's built upon more,
12 feet high, compare it next to people,
and it's difficult to find good photos of this, but you get an idea.
So the question becomes,
how on earth were these stones moved a half mile uphill to this site?
And how were they lifted?
The mainstream idea or theory I should say is that they were moved on logs,
literally that the put these things on top of logs and they had hundreds of
people strapped to ropes and they dragged them uphill.
But that of course just doesn't pass the common sense test. And by the way, you,
it needs to be mentioned that none of these theories have ever been tested.
They're simply just guessing. And it really doesn't make sense.
Could you imagine being at the back of this thing where they have hundreds of
people holding a tumor pound block to prevent it from sliding backwards as they
go uphill? I mean, that's just ridiculous.
Another theory is that they hooked up 800 S to ropes and to the stone to drag
them to the current location, 800 S is based on how much weight one ox can pull,
but there are so many things wrong with this. I mean,
it doesn't pass the common sense test.
Could you imagine what it would take to line up 800 S I mean,
just to coordinate an a six or an eight horse hitch carriage is
incredibly difficult. It requires an tremendous amount of coordination,
but to do this with 800 S I mean, how they, how are they gonna pull that off?
How long would it take to even hook these things up and not to mention the very
nature of the stone itself?
The shape of it would dig into the earth as it's being pulled and imagine the
amount of weight that it'd be, you know, held up against.
It just doesn't make any sense to put all this in perspective.
What does it take to do in modern times to move a tremendous amount of weight?
Well, let's look at the example back thousand 12,
how the Los Angeles county museum of the arts moved a 340 ton
stone block, more than a hundred miles and to do so,
they had to custom build a truck that was 295 feet long
and had get this 196 wheels.
Now how they move these stone blocks in ancient times.
And ball is the subject of much debate,
but let's discuss what it would take to lift them because moving versus lifting
are two totally different things.
So the most powerful crane from Roman times is as you see here,
and it could lift approximately 6,000 kilograms,
which is equivalent to 6.6 tons. So wait a second.
The strongest crane in the existence of the Roman empire can lift only 6.6 tons,
which is impressive by the way, as it didn't have hydraulics,
but let's go back to the tri Lathon stones at let's say 800 tons a piece.
That means if you do the math,
that would require 100 in 21 individual Roman cranes,
or even let's just look at at the 350 Stu uh,
ton stone blocks below that would require 53 individual cranes like that.
That's in, that's ridiculous. You couldn't even,
you don't even have enough space to move and surround one of these blocks with
that many cranes. It doesn't make any sense. Does it now to again,
give it an example from modern times, take a look at this crane here,
you see cranes like this, driving down the freeway,
they take up more than one lane E each one of these 12 tires is up to your neck.
And, and this specific crane here has a max lift of 330 tons,
which is incredible. Now,
although this is not nearly the strongest crane in existence, by any means,
it's just to paint you a picture here that when you see massive cranes like
this, with the ability to lift a max of 330 tons,
and we're supposed to believe that the Romans had some sort of primitive
methods, even though the physical and scientific evidence completely debunks,
that they had the capability of lifting these stones.
So this is where people say, well, hold on. They did it though.
So how do you explain that? You just,
you lack the imagination of what humans are capable of? No,
what I'm suggesting is that this was done by an advanced civilization that dates
back tens of thousands of years, as I've discussed in many other videos. Now,
a lot of people will look at the example of the Coliseum in Rome and say,
wait a second. If the Romans could build that,
why don't you think that they can move and lift these massive stone blocks?
Well, upon a closer inspection of the Coliseum,
they're made up of significantly smaller blocks in cement,
none of which compare even remotely close to any of these blocks in ball back.
In fact, just to clarify,
the largest stone block in all of Rome is 53 tons,
which the capital block of the TRAC column, as you can see here,
53 tons is the largest stone block in all of Rome. Now,
mainstream archeologists and historians will tell you that the Romans did ball
back to show off to outsiders on how their, their incredible capabilities, but,
you know,
this is 1400 miles away from Rome and Rome has nothing that even compares to
that and mean, does that really make sense? Now, speaking of massive blocks,
over in bald,
back at the quarry where these stones came from the largest stone ever cut is
the stone of the pregnant woman.
As it's been called this stone block is more than 20 meters,
long or 67 feet long, 16 feet wide,
and 14 feet high, and is estimated to be at least
1200 tons.
And actually it is no longer the largest stone block ever found as in 2014,
right below, and next to it, they found an even larger stone block,
which is estimated to be between 1600 and 1800 tons,
64 feet long, 20 feet wide and 18 feet tall.
Absolute huge. Now academics will tell you that they cut these blocks.
Once they realized that they were too heavy to move, they just abandoned them.
But it's like, wait a second. Why, why would they cut multiple stone blocks?
And then by the way,
it's also worth mentioning that they believe now that there are more stones like
this also buried underneath. So the question becomes,
why would they cut more than one block?
Which would of course be in a incredible difficulty. I mean,
this is limestone by the way, which isn't particularly, it's not a hard stone,
but what the methods that the Romans did have,
do they even have tools large enough to cut these?
I'm not gonna debate on cutting these stones as it's limestone. But I mean,
just the fact that they would've been so dumb to cut a few of them before
realizing they couldn't move one of them. I mean,
that doesn't make sense either does it, but the bottom line is this,
the Romans did not have the physical or technological capability to move or lift
these massive stone blocks.
They found them just like we've seen in other examples throughout the world,
whether it's in Cusco, Peru and Machu Pichu,
as well as in Egypt where people come in and find other remnants from other
civilizations and they simply build on top of them.
And that is exactly what you're seeing here in Eck Lebanon.
And there is evidence to support this because at this very sight and Eck on this
hill, there's evidence dating back of human civilization,
dating back more than 9,000 years ago.
That's 3000 years before history ever started at 6,000 years ago.
So the evidence is all here, that humans were there.
They had capabilities that exceed anything that we ever thought possible,
and that we can only do today with advanced heavy machinery. Again,
this is a subject of much debates. Let me a comment,
let me know what your ideas are. And real quick,
I wanna mention another YouTuber that I highly recommend that you subscribe to.
The channel ancient architects. It's run by a guy named Matt from the UK.
He's looking to leave his nine to five job to pursue his own passions,
which is ancient human civilization.
He makes outstanding videos and he thinks for himself,
he's not afraid to deviate from the likes of Graham Hancock and others of
notoriety. And he just thinks for himself, he makes outstanding videos.
And I highly recommend that you go check him out and subscribe to his channel
because he's just begun in the last few months.
And he's incredibly talented with his editing and his various research.
So go and check him out, but I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight, like can subscribe and again, leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos to come on a whole wide radio topics.
Take care of everybody.